Java Nexus: Add docs on cancellation and header propagation. (#3466)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/java/temporal-nexus.mdx

[main] INFO  i.t.s.nexus.caller.CallerStarter - Started workflow workflowId: 9b3de8ba-28ae-42fb-8087-bdedf4cecd39 runId: 404a2529-764d-4d1d-9de5-8a9475e40fba 
[main] INFO  i.t.s.nexus.caller.CallerStarter - Workflow result: Nexus Echo 👋 
[main] INFO  i.t.s.nexus.caller.CallerStarter - Started workflow workflowId: 9cb29897-356a-4714-87b7-aa2f00784a46 runId: 7e71e62a-db50-49da-b081-24b61016a0fc
[main] INFO  i.t.s.nexus.caller.CallerStarter - Workflow result: ¡Hola! Nexus 👋
```

### Canceling a Nexus Operation {#canceling-a-nexus-operation}

To cancel a Nexus Operation from within a Workflow, create a `CancellationScope` using the `Workflow.newCancellationScope` API. `Workflow.newCancellationScope` takes a `Runnable`, any SDK methods

> ,like Nexus operations , started in this runnable will be associated with this scope. `Workflow.newCancellationScope` returns a new scope that, when the `cancel()` method is called, cancels the context and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, like Nexus operations, started in this runnable will be associated with this scope. `Workflow.newCancellationScope` returns a new scope that, when the `cancel()` method is called, cancels the context and 
```

any SDK method that was started in this scope. The promise returned by `Workflow.startNexusOperation` is resolved when the operation finishes, whether it succeeds, fails, times out, or is canceled.

Only asynchronous operations can be canceled in Nexus, as cancelation is sent using an operation token.
The Workflow or other resources backing the operation may choose to ignore the cancelation request.
If ignored, the operation may enter a terminal state.

> Once the Workflow completes, the server stops attempting to cancel operations that have not yet been canceled, letting them run to completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the caller Workflow completes, the caller's Nexus Machinery stops attempting to cancel operations that have not yet been canceled, letting them run to completion.
```
